BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

1.The config fields were used dynamically having the code change depending on the given config fields.
2.Each congig field was used in its regarding class, for example freezing times were used in the player field, and the dealer was responsible for the turntimeoutmillis field....
3.We have changed each config file independently and tested if the game changed respectively
--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

1.Threads were stored in a data structure and then reversed and handled independently.
2.This bonus was used in the Dealer class since he is resbonsible of ending the game.
3.Logs were added to the threads and after each run of the game the log.file was checked to see if the threads were actually terminated in a reverse order.

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

1.It was implemented such that the timer gets implemented depending on the config.turnTimeoutMillis field value
2.It was used in the dealer class since he is in charge of the timer of the game.
3.We have changed the regarded field to match each scenario and checked if the requirement for each scenario is met until the end of the game.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

We are not entitled to this bonus.
